TIMINGS

    use usleep() or nanosleep() for high resolution delays

    Create a function that sleeps for a certain number of milliseconds, 
    then apply multiplier to debug

    use pthreads for simultaneous timings


SHARED MEMORY

    The three processes communicate via a shared memory segment name PARKING

    PARKING is 2920 bytes in size

    The Simulator needs to create this segment when it is first started 
    (the segment may already exist from a  previous run, in which case the 
    simulator creates it again, overwriting the old one. The manager and 
    fire alarm system both open the existing PARKING segment when they are 
    started (and will print an error message and exit if not present).). 

    The segment contains space for 5 parking lot entrances, 5 exits and 5 levels. 

    INTER-PROCESS COMMUNICATION
        See page 7 of the brief

    STRUCTURE
        See page 8 of the brief

UNUSUAL BEHAVIOUR OF VEHICLES
    
    The car park keeps track of both the number of vehicles assigned to each level
    and the level that each vehicle is currently assigned to.

    When a vehicle is directed by the digital sign to a level, that vehicle will be 
    assigned to that level. Hence if two vehicles arrive, one after another, they 
    will not both be directed to a level that only has space for one more vehicle

    However, if the vehicle is detected moving into another level, by one of the per-level
    LPRs, it will then be counted as being assigned to that level if there is room on that level
    That is, if a vehicle was directed towards level 1, it would initially count towards level 1's 
    capacity. However if that vehicle is spotted by level 2's LPR, if level 2 has room for it, it 
    will be subtracted from level 1's capacity and added to level 2's


STATUS DISPLAY
    When the manager program is run, the terminal it is run in should display a (text mode) screen
    showing the current status of the car park. The exact layout and formatting is up to you, but
    the folliwing information is expected to be present:

        Current state of each LPR, boom gate and digital sign

        Current state of each temperature sensor
        
        Number of vehicles and maximum capacity on each level

        Total billing revenue recorded by the manager this formatting

        The display should updated frequently (e.g. every 50ms)

        To prevent visual fatigue from scrolling text, all the above information should be able to fit 
        into a single screen. In addition, before printing out the current status, the screen should 
        be cleared (e.g. with system("clear")), again, to prevent scrolling

